## Data binding

### Interpolations
One way: js to HTML. `{{title}}` will be replaced with the component's title field.

### Property binding
Put a property key in square brackets and set its value to a component field. At runtime, the value will be set to the value of the field.

### Event Binding
`<button (click)="showMessage()">Show Message</button>` The component's `showMessage` method will be used as the click handler.

### Two way binding
Use the `ngModel` directive.

`<input [(ngModel)]="name">` will bind the value of the input element to the `name` field of the component.

## Components and Services
Components should focus on UI/UX. Any other logic should be put in a service. A service is a class needed by other objects/components. A Component is a class decorator or a class so decorated or an instance of such a class.

If an object will need a service/some services, they should be created by the object's creator and passed into the object's constructor. This is a good dependency injection pattern.

Angular2 component decorators provide some fancy support for this that I don't understand yet.


# From Angular.io tutorial

Use the angular command line interface (cli) to generate an app skeleton.  `ng new app-name`.

Use `ng serve --port 3000 --public-host http://cs5667.ml` to serve the app.

use `ng generate component heros` to generate a component called heros. Each component will have its own .ts, .css, and .html files also a testing file.

A will have a main class in its .ts file. The class will have a decorator with its metadata, including an html selector which can be used as a tag to include the component in templates.

### Pipes
`{{ hero.name | uppercase }}` will run the hero's name through the built in uppcase pipe before displaying it.

### NgModule Decorator 
It is like the main config file for the angular app.

An `[(ngModel)]` property on an input binds the input's value to a field in the component class. Two way bindings requires the FormsModule. Angular modules should be imported in the app.module.ts file. You need to import it and list it as in import in the `imports` section of the `@NgModule` decorator.

All components must be declared in the `declarations` section of the `@NgModule` decorator. The cli will automatically declare modules you use it to create.

### Repeater
You can tell a DOM element to repeat by including a `*ngFor` property in it. The properties value should be a bit of javascript. Use a `for .. of` loop, like this `<li *ngFor="let hero of heroes">`. 

### Styles
Define on `@Component` decorator. 
Either inline using `@Component.styles` or using the `@Component.styleUrls` array.

### Angular conditionals in templates
`*ngIf` works like *ngFor. Renders an element iff the condition is true. Key is `*ngFor` value is a bit of js, wrapped in quotes of course.

`[class.some-css-class]="some-condition"` conditionally adds a class to an element. Especially useful for a class generated by a repeater.
